What do Jesus, Thoth, the Anunnaki,
and 2012 all have in common?
That's what I asked Tricia McCannon,
and to find the answer, you'll need to watch this video.
Tricia's expertise is in the area of the great mysteries,
and she's devoted her life to uncovering,
both through academic process
and through clairvoyance,
the mysteries that have driven the religious
and spiritual practices throughout history.
She's highly skilled at connecting the dots
from our ancient pasts to our modern beliefs.
And steeped into the Kabbalian and Hermetic teachings.
In short, she embraces a wide swath of esoteric knowledge,
which we had a wonderful time discussing.
Okay, here's the $64,000 question.
What do the Anunnaki, Thoth, and Jesus
all have in common?
Well you certainly don't pull any punches, do you?
No.
Well, I would certainly say that Thoth,
being the master of masters
and the God of Wisdom in Ancient Egypt,
has a lot of common with Jesus.
Jesus and Thoth are two of the four great kumaras.
Now Kumara is a Sanskrit word meaning son.
And so they're spoken of in the Vedas
as the four sons of God that periodically return to Earth,
reincarnated on Earth,
in order to bring enlightenment to humanity.
Within the great mystery religions of the past,
which fortunately are beginning to be reborn in our age,
it was really taught that there were
these great eons or cycles of time.
And these solar lords, these great solar lords,
came between the change of the ages.
Much as we know that Jesus incarnated between
the Age of Aries and the Age of Pisces.
And, of course, now we can't help but notice
that we're right on the verge,
ending in the Age of Pisces
and going into the Age of Aquarius.
So certainly, it does seem that one of these
great solar divinities, if you will,
who comes periodically in human, or mortal,
or in the case of the Anunnaki gods,
relatively immortal form,
do come to Earth in order to do,
let us say, raise the Kundalini of the planet,
and to bring the hope of enlightenment
once more to mankind's door.
That is correct.
You just won a new washer and dryer.
(laughing)
You asked me a question.
I'm just teasing.
But, okay, now in setting that up
a lot of people listening to this,
we have a well-educated audience.
And they would say,
Anunnaki, were does Anunnaki come in,
because you look at Zacheria Sitchin,
David Icke, and many other people's work,
and often times we think of the Anunnaki
as a more predatory species that arrived on the planet
on the planet and created slave species,
but that's not what you're speaking of and please,
at this point, delineate between the two.
Well this is, of course, a common misperception
by many people, especially people who have
listened to David Icke.
And I think David Icke is a lovely person in many ways,
but certainly he was a British journalist.
He was not a mystic.
And so consequently, when he brought forward
his interpretation, it was interpretation really,
simply-based on trying to put together
a whole bunch of pieces of the puzzle,
around the Illuminati and what he perceived
to be the dark forces.
Where he was saying two plus two equals five,
or two plus two equals seven.
And, unfortunately, it's created great misperception
for a lot of people.
Let's just sort of back up and define
who the Anunnaki are.
The term Anunnaki means, literally,
those who came from, to Earth.
Those who came to Earth from another place.
So, when we begin to look at the work
of the wonderful Zacheria Sitchin, who was,
of course, a Jewish scholar, who was about
one of 10,000 people on the planet
that could read Sumerian cuneiform text,
he spent about 30 years of his life or more
in his Earth Mysteries Chronicles,
bringing forth information that were
translation of the Sumerian text,
that went back in time and talked about
the fact that, basically these were very
tall, long-lived human beings.
And their life cycles were tied to the
orbital rotation of their planet,
which was 3,600 years.
That was one of, one of their years equal
3,600 of our years.
Consequently, it, you know, if you think about us
living to be maybe 100, at a good age,
and that would immediately mean that if they lived
equivalent amounts of time, it would be 36,000 years.
Now on their planet, it appears that they age so very slowly
that they are some place between
500,000 and a million years as one life cycle,
a normal life cycle for one of them.
When they came to this planet, unfortunately,
their life cycles did slow down a bit,
so that they aged a bit quicker.
But their entire reason for coming to our planet
was that they had a geologic catastrophe going on,
on their planet.
Which was that, as we've noticed,
as the ozone layer on our planet thins,
we wind up having places where the sun
is so intensely bright that it burns our crops.
They had this same sort of thing happening
on their planet.
Their scientists looked for a solution.
The solution was to spinning gold particles,
somehow, in the atmosphere.
We don't understand that technology,
but we know that when we put gold foil sheeting
over the windows of a space capsule,
it does, in fact, block out the cosmic rays.
So they came to Earth, according to the Sumerian Tablets.
Around 145,000 years ago, something like that.
Now, there were many forms of humans
on the planet, at that time.
It certainly appears that Neanderthal was here,
and Cro-Magnon was here at that time.
It's also conceivable that there was some
form of Homo sapien sapien
on the planet at that time.
And I'm eluding now to some of the works of
Michael Cremo, and Richard Thompson,
and Forbidden Archeology.
But the traditional version now
is that Homo sapien sapien arrived
around 200,000 years.
And this is commensurate or cooperative with
the Sumerian cuneiform text,
that talk about the fact that,
when their own people got tired
tired of working in the mines,
after 10 or 20,000 years,
that'd be a pretty hard sentence,
even if you're trying to save your planet.
There was a whole rebellion.
They looked around and said,
"Well, okay, there is some species here
that we can, perhaps, jump-start their DNA,
and move them from Cro-Magnon man
to Homo sapien sapiens.
And so doing, helping that species to make
an evolutionary leap ahead of time.
And, at the same time, having some kind of worker bee.
So, within the Anunnaki camp,
they're basically two divisions.
The house of Enlil, which was primarily
focused in Mesopotamia, sort of looked at us
as a labor force, okay?
They weren't necessarily cruel to us,
but they weren't highly compassionate
or spiritually evolved.
And of course, just like human beings,
there's a great range within the Anunnaki,
from people who just basically trying to
meet their own objectives and others,
who are much more compassionately based.
The House of Enki was primarily focused in Africa.
And Enki had, Enki was known in Egypt as
Ptah, or the father of humanity,
the master builder.
He had six sons and among them the eldest
was Marduk, or Ra.
He became known as Ra.
And then there was Thoth,
and Thoth, of course, became a master initiate.
This was a much more spiritually and philosophically
enlightened group of Annunaki.
In fact, Thoth said of human beings,
"Ye are gods going about in the bodies of mortals,
"and we are gods who are souls who are in much
"more immortal bodies."
So, he recognized that the divinity that exists within them,
also exists within us and that particular lineage became
Thoth, Horus, Osiris, Isis,
were really the christed energy of their day
and they set up the great mystery schools
all over the planet for the spiritual awakening
and enlightening of the human race .
It's interesting to hear you,
through your own mystical understandings,
as well as what you've learned and gleaned from the outside,
people are coming to similar places now,
which creates a little different story.
It's a very different story.
You know, I think one of the challenges with people
who say, for example, with David Icke's work,
is that because David Icke came upon the whole
reptilian shape-shifting phenomena,
and there are reptilians who can shape-shift--
Yes. Absolutely.
And some of them are very selfish and
sex and power and money and control driven,
and some of them are more evolved, okay?
He superimposed the reptilians over the Annunaki gods.
The Annunaki gods are not reptilians at all.
Not at all.
There's thousands of depictions of them and they're human.
The only one that even has a remote similarity is because,
Enki, the house of Enki, they were geneticists and
one of the terms for "scientist" came to be a serpent.
Just like you'd have a one-star general and a two-star?
They would have the one-eyed serpent or the two-eyed
as a designation of a scientist.
They didn't even have snakes on their planet.
They were fascinated by snakes when they came here
because they didn't have anything similar.
Of course, we can't help but notice that the snake
is very similar to the movement of the kundalini,
the movement up the spine,
with the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems,
and also the DNA and they were, as geneticists,
they were very aware that there are certain genetic codes
within our DNA that by being turned on,
allow us the ability to procreate,
the ability to access our spiritual and co-creative
power with the divine.
So, consequently, unfortunately although I think
David's probably a really nice guy and working
as fast as he can to try to get to a higher level of truth--
Well, he is.
I know him really well and he's actually going to some
really beautiful places now.
I'm looking forward to someday having
a conversation with him but I think that,
unfortunately for a lot of people who aren't--
who don't have a direct experience with Annunaki,
haven't really done their research or are not maybe
as discerning when you have a very charismatic person
standing up there, showing you lots of evidence
and trying to put the puzzle together,
unfortunately not quite correctly,
it can be a little bit misleading.
So, I'm really glad that's all being resolved now.
Yeah, I think it is.
Everything seems to be going to a higher level.
And not just David's work, many people's work at this time.
That's so exciting.
It is.
Now, let's go back.
You were talking about the gods that show up
through the Egyptian times.
We were speaking of Toth, or Thoth,
and Horus and we're looking at the incarnate
versions of this, which you're talking about
Thoth and Hermes, for example.
Then, going into the studies of the Hermetica,
which seems to be very cloaked in secrecy.
Not very many people really understand what
the Hermetica is about, yet we'll see,
anyone who reads this kind of information
will start seeing the word popping up here and there.
So, let's talk about your understanding of what
Thoth passed through--
Thoth-slash-Hermes--
passed through as a scribe for us to
reawaken to at this time?
Well, Thoth was 100 years after Jesus.
The Library of Alexandria, the early church father,
Clement of Alexandria, said that there were forty-two books
that had been written by Thoth that were in the
Library of Alexandria that contained
all the wisdom of the world.
Astronomy, Astrology, Law, Sacred Geometry,
Mathmatics, Architecture, Language,
Healing, Herbs.
Everything you could possibly imagine.
Unfortunately, of course, those were destroyed in
the burning of the library.
At least, we presume, unless they've gone underground.
Well, some people have said they may
have been confiscated by what became the Catholic church.
Some of those same interests.
Yes, that's very interesting.
Well, it would be wonderful to find out
that they still existed.
But, Thoth, his real name was Ningishzidda.
He was known as Tehuti, which comes from
two derivatives which are the moon and the ibis bird.
The Hermetic symbols that these Annunaki gods chose
to represent the gift of wisdom that they each epitomized
was very, very important.
The ibis, for example, has a curved beak,
but most of us don't know that there was
an invasion of small flying snakes.
Herodotus speaks of this in 450 B.C.
in his famous histories.
There was an invasion of small flying snakes
that came into Egypt every year and it was
the ibis bird that literally captured and killed them,
so it was literally against the law
to kill an ibis bird in ancient Egypt, okay?
Interesting.
So, they were protectors of the people.
And, of course, the great feathered serpent.
Thoth in his Quetzelcoatl form, was the raising
of the kundalini that frees the consciousness from the body
and allows us to travel outside of it in soul travel.
Thoth was a master initiate and of course,
over the course of thousands and thousands of years,
part of which, for example, he worked with his brother Ra
in establishing the civilization of Egypt.
Later, when Ra was in exile for a while,
Thoth actually ruled Egypt and then when Ra came back,
they worked together for about 450 years,
but they had very different philosophies in terms
of solar and lunar energy.
Thoth was primarily focused on a lunar calendar,
because he understood that the cycles of the moon
pulled the minerals up, the plants and
they affected moods and cycles of growth
and consciousness here.
Ra was very much focused on a solar calendar.
So, eventually, Enki, their dad, said,
"Listen, Thoth, why don't you just let
"your brother have Egypt?"
So, Thoth left and went to Atlantis
and he ruled Atlantis for over a thousand years.
We know there are four works that still remain
that are connected with him.
One is the Emerald Tablets,
which were said to have been posted literally
in front of the great temples in the center
of the heart of Atlantis.
The Emerald Tablets really are an initiate's journey
down into--
through the Universe and the multi-dimensional planes of God
and also meeting, what he calls
"The Dweller on the Threshold," which is the shadow
that we must all eventually meet and transcend,
the ego within the self.
Other books are the Egyptian Book of the Dead.
He, as a master initiate who traveled through these
gates of consciousness,
described how when the soul leaves the body,
it has to actually address this shadow area and
this was epitomized in the symbol of Apophis.
Apophis was the many-headed serpent.
Lust, anger, greed, addiction, vanity,
all of these forms and we had to slay,
or defeat Apophis and if we didn't?
Guess what? We reincarnated.
If we managed to, we had an opportunity
to literally pass through what they called the
"Ring-Pass-Nots" or the gateways which
were represented by the orbital planes
of each of the planets.
These planets are connected with the archetypes
that dwell within us and also live within our solar system.
If you had the right, let us say, vibrational frequency
to be able to have integrated
that archetype within yourself,
then you pass through them.
This is all connected with the Kabbalistic Tree of Life.
So, of course in later centuries,
the Egyptian Book of the Dead,
also the Perum Hadu, or the House of Hadu,
which is the higher name for Horus,
the divine father energy.
Although he incarnated as the divine son,
the Christ energy many thousands of years ago,
but was one of the four great kumars,
Thoth, Horus, Jesus.
These are three of the four.
In future centuries, the priest of course,
did many different versions.
There were literally three different versions
of the Egyptian Book of the Dead.
So, today, most of us don't understand
anything about what it means or
how it's connected.
The Hermetica is a third book.
What we have as the Hermetica
supposedly was created around 200 B.C.
from the original writings and teachings of Thoth
and so while part of it may have been penned
but Thoth long ago,
we have no way of knowing if it's exactly all of his words
or not but certainly it vibrates with his frequency
and it's very beautiful.
Then, you have the Kybalion.
The Kybalion are the seven hermetic principles
that underly the Universe.
The first one, of course, being that the Universe is mental,
meaning that it responds to thoughts and emotions.
This is what the best-selling book,
"The Secret" was based on,
his very first primal law.
The other laws are things like the Universe,
as long as we are in the lower worlds,
operates through polarity.
We have male and female,
dark and light,
high and low.
That everything operates through rhythm.
That there are biocycles, if you will,
in every aspect of life from winter to summer.
Another aspect is that everything is vibration,
that all of the planes vibrate at different frequencies
and this is how we're able to interact with one another
because we're sort of vibrating in the same plane
and we can see each other.
So, you know, Thoth was a master of masters,
as Jesus was and Jesus, of course,
as you know from my book about
Jesus and the great mysteries,
was really trained in the mysteries of everything,
from the great white brotherhood chapters of the Essenes,
the Druids, the Mythrin priests, the Buddhist priests,
the Brahmin priests and seven years in the
Temples of Heliopolis, the City of the Sun in Ancient Egypt.
Somehow, modern day Christianity has
seemed to miss virtually every message
that was passed through.
(laughing)
It's fascinating that so much of the incredible work
that's been passed through the ages has not
been adopted nor have we adapted to it.
It has not been adopted into modern day life.
But, that's what this period is all about.
So, and I find it fascinating that it's all coming
back up again for our review and to embrace
or to reject, so let's talk about the influence of,
as you say, the Christed beings of
Thoth and Jesus and who did you say?
Horus.
Horus, right.
Let's talk about their influence today.
How do you perceive their influence on
the planet today?
Well, first let me just, if I can,
address the mysteries.
The great spiritual mysteries of the past
which really in fact, taught that there was
one divine intelligent principle,
let us say "God,"
behind everything that expresses itself in
a multiplicity of forms.
Whether you look at it as humans,
angels, archangels, divinities that, let us say,
serve at higher dimensional levels and
those great mysteries were working for the
enlightenment of the human race.
These mysteries which were initially set up in the world,
all over the world by Thoth, the great master Thoth.
Whether it was the Druid path or the Egyptian path
or the Mayan path, all of these really are fostered
by the same divinities.
These great spiritual mysteries really were
initiated by the four great Kumaras and
these Kumaras actually have secret names.
So, if it's okay, I actually will bring forth
these names now.
It's kind of a very big deal.
Yes.
I talk about them just a little bit in my book
on Jesus and the mysteries.
They are the head of the Great White Brotherhood,
whose name was Sanat-Kumara.
Many people have heard of Sanat-Kumara.
I've only had one encounter with him.
I have no idea whether or not he, himself,
is actually incarnated here because he oversees
the work of the great spiritual mystery schools
on many, many planets, not just this one.
But, from the East, we could say that Jesus comes,
or Sananda-Kumara, who I believe also incarnated
as Osiris, because the profile is very similar.
It is, yes.
He comes in, he helps humanity,
he travels the world helping humanity,
he's taken out by the dark and then
he is resurrected by the power of love.
In Osiris' story, he's resurrected by the divine mother,
who is expressed through Isis,
the I-Am principle of the divine feminine.
In Jesus' case, he's supported by Mary, his mother,
and Mary Magdalene, his mate.
Often, the solar lords are flanked by two female aspects,
the mother and the mate,
but, you know, he as he says literally in the New Testament,
"No one takes my life from me,
"I lay it down myself.
"I take my life back willingly."
Yes.
So he, actually, through the mastery of
nine energetic bodies in the temples of Ancient Egypt,
he gained the spiritual technology and discipline
and mastership within himself to literally lay down his body
and then to take his life back again.
So, a lot of times, you know, in modern days
as we've finally begun to investigate Jesus
and the mysteries, there's all sorts of speculation.
"Oh, he had his twin brother killed instead of himself."
"Oh, he didn't really die," or this or that.
But, that's because we didn't really understand
the spiritual technology.
We've completely lost touch with these great mysteries
and of course, part of my job on the planet today
is to really bring them back.
Then, we have in the South Gate,
Sananthana or Sanandana, not Sananda,
Sanandana or Sananthana as he is known,
and this would be Horus.
And this being incarnates the least often
of all of them.
He comes only in times of greatest darkness
When there's a big epoch change.
Exactly.
When it looks like the dark is going to win.
All of them are basically, they're healers,
they're musicians, they're shepherds of the people.
In fact, one of Osiris' --
Jesus' names was the Good Shepherd.
Osah. That was one of the things he was called.
All the titles, by the way, literally transferred
right over to Jesus.
Not because I think Jesus stole them,
but I think because they were the same being.
With Sananthana, or Horus, I believe that he
incarnated probably as Krishna and as Ramah,
as well as Horus, because the M.O. is very similar.
Basically, Horus was raised at a time of great darkness
and chaos in Egypt,
because his evil uncle Set, that had murdered
his father, Osiris, had taken over
and thrown the country into darkness.
So, he had to raise an army, the Shim-shu-Hor,
the followers of the way, of Horus,
the way of truth.
Just as Jesus called his path The Way,
and Thoth called his path The Ancient Way,
and Buddha called his path The Middle Way.
Same conversation here.
The Shim-shu-Hor, they actually spent 80 years
battling Set and eventually won out and
restored light, which is why later,
when Horus was turned into the Greek god Apollo,
you see image after image of him holding
the torch of enlightenment.
That's what the Greeks called Apollo.
Finally, in the West, we have Thoth.
The Western gate within the great medicine circle
is always about the secrets and the mysteries.
So, Thoth was the great bringer of
the mystery schools down here.
Jesus was, of course, a master initiate of all these paths.
That is not to say that he was not a fully enlightened being
when he came down but like all of us,
he had a body that had to be fed and bathed
and he had a mind that had to be coached and trained.
Being exposed to something, he might get it immediately
where it might take us ten thousand lifetimes to get it.
He was able to implement those mystical abilities and
access them through his own commitment to transformation.
I mean, think about it.
He spent his entire life--
Yes.
learning to master those abilities.
Yes, thank you for that.
That's a wonderful prelude to going into
what's happening today.
Okay.
I guess that we're back to today.
So, many people want to know,
are the Annunaki coming back.
That's like the $64,000 Question.
Are the great masters coming back?
What's happening?
Certainly, we are at the end of an age.
We are at the end of the fourth age of mankind.
Traditionally, what happens at the end of an age,
we go back and forth between what's called
the "Summer" and the "Winter."
In the Winter, we have the flood or the Ice Age,
in the Summer, we have a solar mass ejection
that comes out of the sun and basically
wipes out a whole bunch of people, okay?
And some of the planet.
And there's a long period of regeneration
and everything begins to come back.
Since we had the flood,
probably 11,500 years ago,
what appears we may have this time,
that would have been the Winter,
we have the Summer coming.
So, we're probably going to wind up having
a pole shift and a solar mass ejection
all about the same time.
Will it really happen at the end of 2012?
Who the heck knows?
Maybe it will happen 2013,
maybe it will happen 2017.
Maybe it will happen in 2032.
I think that when I look at the science
behind where Nibiru is right now,
if you were actually to go onto the internet
and you looked under Nibiru, Planet X 2012,
you will find some videos that were taken
in April of 2009 and all the way through
the summer of 2009 where Nibiru was
on the far side of the sun and it could be seen,
literally coming around behind the sun and
separating from the sun.
If you get a chance to see these videos,
they're from a lot of places that look like
Ukranian kind of language,
more the southern hemisphere.
They are mind-blowing and they will
completely, you know,
all of this stuff that seems like it's crazy theory
and speculation,
it will completely shift you into
"Holy Toledo, this is really actually real."
Because this body is so large,
if the sun were a basketball,
our planet is the size of a grain of rice.
Nibiru appears to be about the size of a tangerine.
That is a very, very large planet.
And it's on the other side of the sun
going around the asteroid belt.
There is a point around February of 2013
when, if we figured out the scientific orbital
calculations correctly,
our planet will come between Nibiru and the sun.
At that point, it could scientifically draw
a solar mass ejection from the sun towards our planet
because of the size of the two bodies and we're the
small grain of sand in between or
the rice particle in between.
So, that would be a critical time that could signal
the point of a pole shift or a solar mass ejection.
What can people do?
People who are listening to this, that's a good question.
I thought I heard that telepathically from you.
Yes.
Well, in the first place, we have to remember that
we're all immortal, okay?
We've had many, many lifetimes on this planet.
If you die, you know you'll come back.
The question is, for who is left down here,
how can we prepare?
Certainly caves are safe places.
I've had dreams about this as well.
I agree with you, yes.
That means fresh water.
That means tools.
That means seeds that actually will regenerate and grow,
not Monsanto Terminator seeds.
Right.
That means clothes and blankets and things to
bear the temperature changes.
It means oxygen filters, because there's going to be
a lot of debris in the air for who knows?
Maybe a year.
Certainly, it has been said that the government
has prepared over 128 underground facilities
for themselves and their own military people.
It is--
although I am sure that there are a lot of good people
among those people,
it is a shame that that would be the consciousness
of the people that would survive.
Because, what we really want is a different society.
We want a society that's not based on military
might and war and power and greed
and the hiding of secrets.
What we want is an evolved society where
human beings can live up to their full potential
as spiritual light beings with compassion,
love and sharing down here.
So, whatever it is any of you who are listening
to this might prepare,
I would say prepare as if it was you and your family
and many other people that you are going to save,
but think about it from the point of view of,
if you left and you left your children behind,
what kind of books have perennial meaning?
Spiritual books, philosophical books,
but also technical books,
books with how-to information so that your children
could start over and we could create a society
that is loving and kind and nourishing to
both a physical, spiritual, emotional, mental self.
My understanding of it is,
and we're seeing evidence of it already
with ourselves and also with a lot of
the younger generation and the new little beings
being born right now,
is access to knowledge.
So, yes, I agree.
Let's help each other out and have the books.
However, because our consciousness has expanded
and we are able to access on different levels,
especially the newer ones,
little ones coming in with more activated DNA,
a more direct connection with themselves,
I think that we don't have to look at this
as being blasted back to the Stone Age if
these changes are indeed going to occur.
We just interviewed David Sereda,
and he's talking about what's happening right now
on a cellular level in connection with our own consciousness
to be able to withstand these intense solar blasts.
The cells can adapt in the body,
so this is an interesting piece of what
you're talking about.
We are actually adapting to this potential right now.
Let me say, many years ago,
probably 8 or 10 years ago,
I was taken into a closed-door UFO meeting
at one of the conferences that I was speaking at.
I was introduced to some very interesting material
by a microbiologist who had worked for the government.
He was hired to try to cure an illness for--
he didn't even know what it was.
It was some strange virus.
Well, he wasn't making headway.
Eventually, they suited him up,
took him into a hermetically sealed room,
up through the floor came a little E.T. dude.
This little E.T. guy was totally telepathic.
He had no vocal chords and,
over a period of two years,
this microbiologist worked with this little E.T. guy.
What the E.T. guy basically told him and showed him
was that he came from sixty thousand years in our future
and that there was going to be a solar mass ejection event
that would happen on this planet.
About seventy percent of the planet would be wiped out
and that the human race would split at that point.
There would be a group that would go underground
and that they eventually would become so scientific
that they would basically begin to create themselves
as the gray aliens that we see today.
There would be a group that would stay on top of the planet
who would receive the new solar vibrational frequencies
that would be coming in and they would become
highly evolved, spiritually telepathic human beings.
There you go.
It's kind of like H.G. Wells,
what's the one where he goes forward in the future?
The Time Machine.
Where there's the Eloi and the other group.
So, basically, this little gray dude was saying
"The reason that we gray dudes have been coming back
"from ten thousand,
"twenty thousand,
"forty thousand, sixty thousand years in the future,
"is because we are the remnants of the ones that went
"underground who genetically engineered ourselves
"into a corner and we've moved to the
"Zeta Reticuli system and the only hope
"we have of getting back to where we started
"was to come back to you all before this occurs.
"Because the next group of human beings is going to take
"such an evolutionary leap that we can't even
"go backwards from there."
So, the sun, in the great mysteries,
the sun was honored as a visible symbol of illumination
but it was also known that the frequencies that
come through the sun program DNA.
They program forming matter.
Yes.
And this is of course, very exciting stuff.
This is what's happening now.
So, the new children being born now,
as these new frequencies are coming through,
are increasingly psychic, telepathic,
intuitive and sensitive.
So, imagine on the other side of this change,
the incredible evolutionary leap that all matter
on this planet is going to wind up taking.
It's exciting.
It's extremely exciting.
I mean, how many times have we
already passed out of the physical?
Yes.
It's inevitable.
So, there's no need to be afraid.
This is how I do it.
We don't need to be afraid of a large event
or a small event.
Whether you're hit by a truck
or whether an asteroid comes,
it doesn't matter.
Or whether it's a mass solar ejection,
a coronal ejection, the point is we're headed up.
We totally are and I think that one of the things
about the Annunaki,
the return of the Annunaki,
on one hand, they made a joint decision
around 2100 B.C. to begin to withdraw
their influence from the planet and this was
for a variety of reasons.
They themselves were a very lawful society
but there was a war that took place between
the oldest son of Enki, which was Morduk Ra,
and the oldest son of Enlil, which was Ninhurta Jehovah.
Okay?
So you think Jove, Jehovah.
Jehovah and Ashera, or Jove and Hera.
Okay?
And this created--
they bombed part of the Sinai peninsula.
That's of course that's why everyone is
fighting over Jerusalem, it's because
that's where the original space station was.
You could actually see this bombing
from the satellite photographs now,
you can see a blackened area in the Sinai peninsula.
So, because they let their own passions get the best of them
after, what, four hundred thousand years down here,
they said,
"Oh, my gosh. For all the good we've done for humanity,
"we just taught them the arts of war.
"This isn't acceptable.
"Let us leave them to their own destiny,
"Let us withdraw because maybe we're not helping them."
So, they begin then to go into places like
Scotland and Ireland and became known as
Tuatha De Danann, or the people of Danu,
or Anu, okay?
And they eventually withdrew into areas
within the inner Earth and then,
about 530 or 570 B.C.,
most of them left the planet.
I think they have maintained a presence
with underground bases here.
I know because I've been on ships since
I was a little girl and I've actually been shown
where a lot of those underground bases are.
Even in the military.
Even Robert Dean, who I just adore.
He's lovely.
He speaks about it as well, yes.
From all points of view.
So yes, they have, they still have centers here,
but they have tried to withdraw their influence.
However, they definitely know what's coming.
They have much more advanced sciences than we do
and I think it's going to be their intention,
along with other members of the Galactic Council,
to try to let us rescue or save as many people
as they can when this even happens.
So, I suspect there may be a million,
two million, five million.
I don't know.
But, we are picking up shapes of ships
that are at least a thousand miles in diameter
and that is astonishing.
Some of that's been seen on NASA,
on the transmissions from NASA that were hidden.
Yes, NASA, exactly.
So, why are they bringing such big ships?
Because they know this event is imminent.
Now, how will this look from an Earth human point of view?
Will we sort of be put to sleep?
Will they then move forward in time through time travel?
A thousand years in the future,
when the Earth is regenerated,
put us down and we get to start over?
In that case, maybe your cave with your sack of goodies
will all still be just sitting there for you,
or maybe, after a thousand years,
it will have decayed, you know?
I think that they do love humanity.
I think that they care a great deal about us
and that they want us to grow up and
to become spiritually mature enough to join
the Galactic community.
I think that they've been rooting for us
for thousands of years and they are very much with us.
We are their children, they are our parents.
That's a very, very important thing for us to remember
as we move forward into this next era with
love and compassion for those who have come before us.
And fearlessly.
Fearlessly.
Thank you, Tricia.
Oh, my pleasure.
Tricia's new book,
"Jesus: The Explosive Story of the Lost 30 Years,"
is now available if you want to take a deeper look
into this story.
Meanwhile, you can go to her website at
triciamccannonspeaks.com
to learn about her other works and
to connect with her for workshops, talks and
her clairvoyant sessions.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.